what is up everyone colbycheeze here
with a LCS recap of the crowd favorite
TSM vs. lemondogs and here we are with
the first blood oddone playing a double
lift if you know what I mean from season
one haha but once again trying to do
some counter jungle any will walk past a
board but shin comes down to try and
stop him he's gonna go over the wall but
no he thought he was as shin comes in
for the flashed on and that will be the
jump over the wall 00 and dexter on the
chase odd one no chance of getting out
of this Terrace come down try and help
out but he said okay nothing I can do
there so already to a shaky start but
TSM has no plans are back and down right
now as they come in for a very risky
three men Oh dive but it is into a tot
dau is almost going down but using the
life he'll from his Q will able to stay
alive and once again dyrus now gonna get
some pressure of his own as dexter and
00 coming in there and taking him down
meanwhile the odd one comes in for a
great gank on to nuke duck and shin
comes in with the teleport just not
enough to be able to save him and he
will get the kill off onto the odd one
finally but Reginald wants to go in for
the chase to pick off the two for one
and it looks like he may just get away
as well zero Jukes out of one last
little shuriken but with the flash is up
on Reggie still he's able to grab that
kill right afterwards our fight breaking
down to the bottom landing special
putting down the box making it really
difficult for tabs and mithi to actually
chase this back here now there actually
is no kill that happens here but i just
want to point out how well the bottom
line is doing even though there are not
a lot of kills taking place once again a
gang coming in here as the odd one gets
an extremely long rage ultimate off on
to nuke duck allowing Reggie to finish
off the last bit of damage and grabbing
yet another kill for the mid lane now
they go ahead and take off with that
advantage going for the dragon meanwhile
dyrus doing some work on his or 0 top
lane gonna just make it impossible for
him to use any kind of teleport to come
into a fight there so he's doing a great
job and yet another gang from the odd
one you're on to nuke Doug getting his
ol top and Down Goes the mid lane making
Reginald now unstoppable Nick dug coming
around trying to stop dyrus from doing
so
much work but right as he gets their
dads places down award gets his full
combo on the nuke duck and bam he dies
to that dyrus though does finally full
200 and then bottom Lane is able to
shove out and get out before anything
bad happens reginal going for the pic
onto mithi tries to pull off a full
burst combo on him but a nice ultimate
blocks him down and allows him to escape
however dexter making a silly decision
to still go for that red buff even
knowing that Reggie is there as Reggie
comes back around and there is the gank
ultimate coming off from the odd one
onto texture and just enough damage from
that ignite will cause him to fall and a
really good pic here as everyone is
waiting right around the corner the
other one jumps over pulls a full
ultimate on the nuke duck even with the
shin ulti coming in and as young'uns is
still not enough because Reggie still
has all the up pops it onto him after
all of that combo is gone and that is
going to allow them to continue chasing
this and iris is so big right now they
just cannot do anything and they all
fall leaving only vein alive to run away
but then she gets chased down on the
back side and still stays alive but it's
really bad for them as you can see the
gold lead is at at 10,000 at 27 minutes
auntie sem decides to push in here now
we do have shin on the top lane and he
will be ulting in trying to make an
impact on this very crucial flight for
lemondogs it just is not enough though
dyrus is able to do lots of damage and
just barely escaped out of there myth
you really low and wants to get out
there the other one finally finish off
that shirt there and they're going to
get the inhibitor making it really
impossible for lemondogs to come back
from this game another fight up top is
definitely worth noting here dyrus comes
in and notice this hit there are two of
them but he still goes in for a full
damage combo zhonya's is going to block
a little bit of the damage nuke dog
doesn't go down to that but a cool
Lantern comes in next special comes in
here and exhaust tabs locks a man to a
hook and iris finishes off that kill
with one last q the other one meanwhile
is engaging the fight wall wall turtle
is doing damage from the back side
Reginald trying to get in there and
range to make something happen if he can
get in there he is going to go for a
full ulti onto mithi trying to pull off
as much damage as possible and the ace
in the hole from wild turtle cleans that
one up nicely and that's all they need
to finish off this game that will be the
nexus thank you guys for watching i'm
colby
peace out
can see what if acid them as well that's
a habit